Add "Domain names you should allow" section (#454)
sider/sider-docs: docs/enterprise/config.md

  }
}
```

> ## Allowlist
> 
> If Sider Instance can not access the internet, we recommend allowing access to these addresses. Some analysis tools require to need dependency resolution.
> 
> - Git: URL_OF_THE_GIT_SERVER_YOU_MANAGE
> - npm: registry.npmjs.org
> - Maven: repo1.maven.org, repo.maven.apache.org, maven.google.com, jcenter.bintray.com, oss.sonatype.org
> - RubyGems: rubygems.org
> - docker: *.docker.io
> - Go: gopkg.in
> - Python: pypi.org
> - PHP: packagist.org
> - Other: github.com, gitlab.com
> - AWS: 480130971618.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com (Docker registry maintained by Sider)

Reviewer: I think this section should be a subsection of "HTTP Proxy." Also, I guess customers would not be interested in what the purpose of these domains is, so I should remove the prefixes, such as `PHP: `.
How about this suggestion?

```suggestion
### Domain names you should allow

Most Runners try to connect to the internet in order to resolve the dependency for the analyses.
Consider allowing Runners to access the list of domain names below if you want to use Sider Enterprise fully.

- `registry.npmjs.org`
- `repo1.maven.org`
- `repo.maven.apache.org`
- `maven.google.com`
- `jcenter.bintray.com`
- `oss.sonatype.org`
- `rubygems.org`
- `*.docker.io`
- `gopkg.in`
- `pypi.org`
- `packagist.org`
- `github.com`
- `gitlab.com`
- `480130971618.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`

On top of those, you might have to allow Runners to connect to your Git servers.
```
